atrogue/INSTALL - installation instructions
This file is part of atrogue, a "Rogue-like game" created by Arne Thomassen;
atrogue is basically released under certain versions of the GNU General Public
License and WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY.
Read the file COPYING for license details, README for game information.
Copyright (C) 2001-2010 Arne Thomassen <arne@arne-thomassen.de>

To install atrogue, do the following:

- Uncompress the compressed atrogue archive file, for example with one of the
  following commands:

  either:  tar -xz <atrogue-0.3.0.tar.gz
  or:      gzip -d atrogue-0.3.0.tar.gz; tar -xf atrogue-0.3.0.tar

  This creates a new directory named "atrogue-0.3.0" in the same
  directory which contains the compressed file.

- Change into the newly created directory:

  cd atrogue-0.3.0

- Configure atrogue for compilation; atrogue supports both the "classical"
  Makefiles and the more modern configure scripts; just choose what you like:

  1. classical Makefile

  You might want to change some of the compile-time configuration options, e.g.
  the color support (default: enabled), the C compiler (default: gcc) or the
  "curses" library (default: ncurses). To do this, open the file "Makefile" in
  a plain-text editor and change the options as described there.
  More information about these options can be found in the documentation file
  atrogue/docu/config.html.

  OR

  2. configure script

  Run the configure script ("./configure"), specifying the configuration
  options as command-line arguments for this script. If you don't use the GNU C
  compiler gcc, set the environment variable CC to your C compiler like so:
  "CC=cc; export CC; ./configure" or simply "./configure CC=cc".

  Please note that the script has not been generated by GNU autoconf, but by a
  different tool, so it has different options; try "./configure --help". More
  information about atrogue-specific options can be found in the documentation
  file atrogue/docu/config.html.

  The script analyzes certain programs and libraries on your computer which are
  needed for atrogue itself or for building the program. - If this style
  doesn't work for you for whatever reason (e.g. because the configuration tool
  is a very young project and not yet flexible enough), you can easily go back
  to the classical Makefile because that is saved as "Makefile-classical". You
  just have to enter the shell command "mv Makefile-classical Makefile" and go
  to point 1.

- Build an executable binary file ("the program") from the source code files:

  make

- Now you can start the game:

  ./atrogue

That's it. Have fun!
